Update advantages in Migrate to new dashboard (#2999)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/dashboards/dashboards-migration/index.md

## Advantages

> - Visulize queries with new dashboard panels, including honeycombs, bubble charts, heat maps, and funnel charts.

Reviewer: Visualize has a typo here. Can you also link to  https://help.sumologic.com/docs/dashboards/panels/

Author: Thanks @oshoghi. I have fixed your comment.

> - Visualize queries with new [dashboard panels](/docs/dashboards/panels/), including honeycombs, bubble charts, heat maps, and funnel charts.
> - Provides the unique ability to analyze metrics metadata and log data on the same dashboard in an integrated seamless view.
> - Visualize multiple queries in a single panel.
> - Provides streamlined dashboard configuration with inline editing.
> - Includes powerful [template variables](/docs/dashboards/filter-template-variables/) that allows you to alter your queries in multiple ways.
> - Supports [scheduled reports](/docs/dashboards/scheduled-report/), that delivers the report right to your inbox.
> - Modern user interface with enhanced user experience and performance.
> - Persistent support for new features, updates, and security enhancements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Lets you visualize queries with new [dashboard panels](/docs/dashboards/panels/), including honeycombs, bubble charts, heat maps, and funnel charts.
- Provides the unique ability to analyze metrics metadata and log data on the same dashboard in an integrated seamless view.
- Allows you to visualize multiple queries in a single panel.
- Provides streamlined dashboard configuration with inline editing.
- Includes powerful [template variables](/docs/dashboards/filter-template-variables/) that allow you to alter your queries in multiple ways.
- Supports [scheduled reports](/docs/dashboards/scheduled-report/) that deliver the report right to your inbox.
- Has a modern user interface with enhanced user experience and performance.
- Includes persistent support for new features, updates, and security enhancements.
```
